Minor doc update for BroadcastTablesTooLarge (#13218)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/reference.md

|Code|Meaning|Additional fields|
|----|-----------|----|

> |  BroadcastTablesTooLarge  | The size of the broadcast tables, used in right hand side of the joins, exceeded the memory reserved for them in a worker task.<br /><br />Try increasing the peon memory or reduce the size of the broadcast. | `maxBroadcastTablesSize`: Memory reserved for the broadcast tables, measured in bytes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  BroadcastTablesTooLarge  | The size of the broadcast tables, used in right hand side of the joins, exceeded the memory reserved for them in a worker task.<br /><br />Try increasing the peon memory or reducing the size of the broadcast table. | `maxBroadcastTablesSize`: Memory reserved for the broadcast tables, measured in bytes. |
```
